[UPDATE] Observers [merge upon release] (#447)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/Receive.md

As a privacy-oriented solution the focus is always on minimizing how much we reveal about our financial activity.
For that reason when we create a new address to receive bitcoins or when we send a transaction that generates a change coin, we are forced to label that coin!
And what kind of information do we have to provide here?

> The label has to tell us who are the involved parties that know about that coin.

Author: ```suggestion
The label has to tell us who are the observers that know about that coin.
```

> The label has to tell us who is/are the one/s that know about that coin, the involved parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label has to tell us who are the involved parties that know about that coin.
```

1. Start Wasabi and open the wallet that you want to receive coins into.
2. Go to the `Receive` tab.

> 3. Specify a label of the involved parties who know about this address.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Specify a label of the observers who know about this address.
```
